docs: Refactor Home Page and New About Section (#1338)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: docs/about/backends.md

# Training and Generation Backends

## Training Backends

NeMo RL supports multiple training backends to accommodate different model sizes and hardware configurations:

> - **DTensor** - PyTorch's next-generation distributed training with improved memory efficiency (PyTorch-native TP, SP, PP, CP, and FSDP2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PyTorch** - This leverages [NeMo AutoModel](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/Automodel) to provide accelerated PyTorch training with improved memory efficiency (PyTorch-native TP, SP, PP, CP, and FSDP2)
```
